Privacy Policy

By using Tarkov Assistant, you agree that you have read and agree to this policy.

This is our "Privacy Policy" which sets out the policy which governs our use of information you provide by using the bot. The terms "you" and "your" refer to all individuals or entities accessing this website. 
The terms "we," "us," "our" refer to the Tarkov Assistant Team and the term "bot" refers to our Discord bot itself.

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Changes in our Privacy Policy will be effective immediately. If you are a regular user of the Tarkov Assistant bot, we recommend that you check this Privacy Policy 
on a regular basis. By using the bot, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, 
please do not use this website or our bot.

PRIVACY STATEMENT
We respect the privacy of your information. We provide this explanation about our information practices as a show of our commitment to protect your privacy. This policy describes the types of information we may collect 
from you or that you may provide by using this bot and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.

THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE COLLECT IT

We collect information from you when you voluntarily provide such information, such as when you add the Tarkov Assistant bot to your Discord Guild to access it's services. Information we collect may include but not be 
limited to:

Username
Discriminator
User ID
Avatar
Guild ID
Guild Total Members

DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.

THIRD PARTY PRACTICES
The Privacy Policy of any advertiser or promotional service appearing in our bot may differ from ours. We encourage you to read that policy before responding to any offer.

CONTACT INFORMATION
To ask questions or comment about this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices, please contact us by using the apposite "/bug" command in the bot or by contacting the bot owner via Discord. 

Last Updated: 24.05.2023
